LFG. This is Crypto Talk and Blockchain
Walk. ETH Denver live. Well, not live,
but
>> Yep. recorded. Yeah.
>> We're here with Patrick. How's it going,
Patrick?
>> It's going well. Yeah, it's going well.
I appreciate you having me on.
>> I have a quick question. Is Eth? Is it
dead like everyone on Crypto Twitter
saying?
>> Not at all. I think honestly there is uh
maybe a little bit quieter than most
years. So, I think that's something to
be expected, but the amount of quality
that's out at the event this year is is
very uh promising. There's a lot of
builders. People are building uh heads
down, building interesting things, and
very uh very productive event.
>> I've been just like shilling the high
signal to noise ratio on my tweets.
>> Would you agree?
>> I 100% agree. I would 100% agree.
>> Is this your first ETH Denver? No, I've
been going to ETH Denver for maybe
coming up on my fifth or sixth time.
>> Get out of here. Really?
>> Yeah. I've been in the space for quite
some time. So,
>> well, I'm not opportunity. Yeah.
Opportunity to be out here quite a bit.
Yeah.
>> I'm not doubting the the tenure of your
space. Actually, uh we first got to
connected for the podcast, the Smart
Economy podcast. So, this is a repeat
guest that we have.
>> It's going to be back. It's good to be
back.
>> Um you were formerly at Galaxy and now
you're at Colani. Yep. What made you
want to switch from like working with
humans to working with agents?
>> Yeah. So, I would I would describe it as
uh I've spent most of my career in the
infrastructure side and so spending a a
year with Galaxy was excellent. I worked
on a lot of key problems when it comes
to ecosystem building and how are we
bringing that next wave of adoption into
this space. When it comes to Colani, we
focus on intent orchestration and
settlement across as of right now 42
different chains, thousands of assets,
and it's heavily predicated on this
notion of how do we solve for UX
transaction abstraction, simplified
flows, being able to identify an outcome
you want and being able to have it be
executed on your behalf. So effectively,
as I see it, going from how do we handle
the onboarding of web 3 with Galaxy
>> to once they're here, let's get them to
stay by making the UX as easy and
intuitive as it can be. So that's kind
of the the TLDDR.
>> Um, one of we had Austin come chat with
us and we spoke about this before we hit
record. Awesome is talking about X42 and
804, which is basically like making the
rails for agents to have wallets and
identity. What are like some of the
considerations we have to have when
we're giving agents access and autonomy
over our assets? What are the things I
don't know that I need to be worried
about?
Yeah, I mean I think a lot of people
understand that there's always going to
be a heightened level of risk in web 3
naturally by having
access to capital or putting your
capital on chain. And so that opens you
up to a number of different scenarios of
you know funds being lost, stolen,
whatever it may be, hacked otherwise.
agents themselves are going to face and
already are facing those exact same
considerations. And so
both from a from a security perspective
or maybe we'll start with reputation.
One of the things you identified there a
lot of people are heavily interested in
how do we handle
>> authenticity, reputation, ensuring the
efficacy of these these agents on chain.
Mhm.
>> And so a lot of these new standards,
these new uh developments that are being
made are around creating solutions for
just that, reputation systems,
registries and otherwise. I think one of
the things that people often don't talk
about is enough is what are the steps
that we can take or the solutions we can
provide as execution rails so that these
agents can operate in an environment
that has appropriate guard rails for
that execution.
One of the things that we work on from
an intent perspective is how do you
state an outcome and in a deterministic
escrobased atomic way have that outcome
be settled on your behalf. That's what
we do for people across you know crypto
web 3 today. And it's the same type of
infrastructure that people should look
for or agents should look to utilize
when it comes to their involvement on
chain
>> because at the end of the day I think a
lot of people uh when it comes to
settlement or agent uh gentic settlement
genic involvement on chain
>> a lot of Yeah. Go ahead. No, I was just
going to say like you're when you when
you combine you're throwing out to the
to the layman a lot of big words. When
it when you understand the concept, it
makes a lot of sense. An intent is just
saying I want my agent act on my behalf
to do a and then the agent does BCDE E
FG to get that done. And you guys are
building the infrastructure for the
assets to be able to move between
networks in the way that we want them to
move so that Keelani makes it possible
for me to get my intent met which is my
intent is to have this thing and Colani
builds that. So what do you foresee as
being like the killer
use case for this? Are we talking like I
want to turn my USDC into allocate into
B on three different blockchains or are
there other ways that we're going to be
envisioning and using these assets and
uh networks like Colani beyond just like
give me stable coin for RWA? What are
the use cases you're envisioning like
right now? Yeah. So I think a lot of the
focus today is on the payment side of
the equation as well as the investment
aspect. So I do think that those are
that next major frontier uh where agents
will be involved and we'll leverage
intent infrastructure for execution or
trustless execution,
>> guaranteed execution if you will. That
being said, I think the next couple of
areas to to look out for in this in this
regard is things like uh commerce. How
do you handle multiple
individual intent flows, multiple
individual
>> uh let's call it acquisitions of items,
uh conditional acquisition of items,
things of that nature. Uh stringing and
composing together multiple different
intents uh across various different
services. It could be paying for things
here. It could be fulfillment of
activations there. It could be uh any
number of different composable flows
that you're putting together and having
executed by a network like like Colani.
>> Awesome. I guess um zooming out and
wrapping up your new is with Colani.
You've been there a little bit over a
quarter, maybe maybe closer to two.
What's like one big challenge that
you're looking forward to uh in the
coming months?
Yeah. So, I think there's a couple
things that are top of mind for us. One
is we're launching a consumer app that
will be focused on
allowing people to express intents what
they want to achieve in the market and
have our network fulfill it on their
behalf in that deterministic escrobased
format.
>> So, that's something that's pretty
exciting for us to be launching on the
B2C front. builder.
>> Uh in addition to that, generally
speaking, there's still that knowledge
gap that exists at scale between what
are intents and how will they play a
role in the future of our our industry.
>> So, I think helping with that education
process, helping with that enablement
process is one of the biggest
challenges, but also something that I'm
very excited on.
>> Yeah. I mean like
>> the things you're talking about are
going to be very useful and there's a
lot of groing to do to understand them
natively and intuitively from a retail
users end and I'm sure with a lot of
other types of clients you're you're
working with. So um that's going to be a
fun challenge. I think you did a
fantastic job at what you were doing at
Galaxy and onboarding folks and
onboarding teams and I'm excited to see
how you do this with humans and with
agentic networks moving forward.
>> Absolutely.
>> What's the best way that people can um
follow what you're doing and uh follow
Kehani?
>> Yeah, absolutely. So, you can stay up to
date on some of our major developments
on channels like X. Uh our X account is
Keani_network.
You can also check us out on our
website, read some of our documentation.
Some of the biggest advancements that we
making are featured there as well. And
that's colani.xyz.
That is kh a l a n i.xyz.
>> Brad. Well, thanks for joining me on
another episode of Crypto Talk and
Blockchain Walk.
>> Awesome, Dylan. I appreciate you having
me.
>> Cheers, man. Cheers.